textures: rename basis module (#910)
visgl/loaders.gl: modules/textures/README.md

# @loaders.gl/textures

[loaders.gl](https://loaders.gl/docs) is a collection of framework-independent 3D and geospatial parsers and encoders.

> This module contains loader compressed textures and [basis universal textures](https://github.com/BinomialLLC/basis_universal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module contains loaders for compressed textures and [basis universal textures](https://github.com/BinomialLLC/basis_universal).
```
